So now let's talk about
Cognito User Pool Groups.
So it's a logical collection of users
in a Cognito User Pool.
So it's similar to what we see in IAM,
and the concepts are similar,
we just need to know that it exists in Cognito as well.
So we have a group, for example, made of Alice and Bob,
and we attach an IAM role to this group.
So the ReadersIAMRole, for example,
and then they can read DynamoDB with the correct policy.
And we create another group, the editors,
and we attach an IAM role to be able to edit
and they can write to DynamoDB.
So these groups allow us to define permissions
for the users in the groups
by assigning an IAM role to the group,
and the users can be in multiple groups at a time.
Now, there is a different concept than IAM with Cognito
is that we have a precedent's value for each group.
So you assign a number, and then the lowest number
will be chosen, and then the IAM role will be applied.
So, if Bob is in the readers group and the editors group,
then you will have by default
the one with the lowest precedence.
But you can still choose amongst different IAM roles
by specifying the IAM role ARN that you want to assume.
So here we have two groups, one is precedence zero,
one is precedence one, but Bob can assume both.
But just by default, it will assume the one
of the lowest precedence.
You cannot create nested groups,
you cannot have groups of groups, and concept of groups
just serve the concept of simplifying security in Cognito.
Alright, that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.